you know i think this one guy made a  bunch of videos about me  and it's just like  my my bigger youtube friends are there  like i checked out his video that guy  says that pet slaverly is slavery  or pet owning pets is similar to slavery  and he also compared you and oriental  pearl looking at a at turtles to the  holocaust  i was like i was like yeah yeah i guess  so  when i look at tkyo sam  when i look at oriental pearl  in that meat market  smiling  and laughing  as turtles  are tortured to  death  when i see  their happiness  and their glee  when discussing  these turtles that are still alive  in plastic bags laughing  about how if you open up the plastic bag  just a little bit  they'll struggle viciously to survive  they'll even try to bite your  finger off  for their chance  to be free  on some level i'm forced to reckon with  the extent to which the vast majority  of my fellow human beings are indeed  precisely this crass this cruel  this uncaring that these attitudes  that seem self-evidently revolting to me  right  those are the attitudes of the great  majority  who surrender  when i see how  happy  and unconcerned they are  that these animals are terrified and  struggling and suffering right here and  right now in front of their eyes and  that it is only a matter of time  before one customer or another steps up  to that counter  and asks  for the turtles  to be killed  i don't want to think  that everybody is like that  i don't want to think that the great  majority of humanity is like that i  don't want to think that 10  of people  are like that i don't really want to  believe  that anyone  is like that and my friends like anybody  who takes that guy seriously like they  were beyond help at that point like they  already hate you sam like i was like  there's no changing i was like yeah yeah  yeah that's good  that's fine that put me at ease and then  like another friend who doesn't even do  youtube he's like dude  you know i forgot uh  what book he got this from but he's just  like people who hate  like for example like who hates  celebrities or something it's like you  know you don't know that person you know  some things about them but you don't  know that person so like if you're  saying like i hate  blah blah blah this person it's like you  don't know who they are you don't know  what kind of person they are  you know  and um  and so it's like you're basing your hate  off of like half information [ __ ] you  know what up you're mentally ill if you  don't eat raw meat okay  what excuse could you [ __ ] possibly  have for not eating your natural diet if  you see blood liver and brain and don't  find those foods appetizing then you're  mentally ill you have been indoctrinated  if you were brainwashed as a kid to eat  other food then you're still mentally  ill by definition  what is actually available in nature not  those cultivated man-made plants that  you find in the shop  fruit for example is mostly water with  some sugar almost no vitamins and a few  minerals yet we see those shops  everywhere that sell vitamin bombs what  vitamins are those vitamin c  where is everything else blood has every  single vitamin fruit has [ __ ] nothing  this is the retardation of today's  society  the skin is toxic and so are the seeds  all of them have anti-nutrients  absolutely [ __ ] useless  modern food is not food it's drugs  people nowadays eat baked grain sludge  bread with additives because of how  horrible it tastes msg for example is a  drug there's no argument why eat it the  only explanation is that you're an idiot  or an addict probably both  raw meat doesn't have a bad taste at all  it hardly even has a taste compared to  the drugs  if you find it disgusting or not  appealing then it's not because of the  taste  except of course if the animal is toxic  then the liver for example would taste  bitter  always listen to your senses  if you find it disgusting then it's  because you have mental issues if you  find the smell of raw meat disgusting  then you are drugged up you have a toxic  body which doesn't let you recognize  natural food  if you find the appearance of raw meat  disgusting then you have been  brainwashed by the media it's literally  the same as a tiger finding raw me  disgusting it's a severe mental illness  you gotta understand this you are insane  okay  if you find the taste of raw meat  disgusting then it's toxicity again your  taste buds have been altered raw meat  will not give you over the top synthetic  chemical tastes on your tongue but the  feeling after will be better than  anything man-made you could ever get  vegans will say to ex-vegans oh you had  this and that but veganism wasn't the  cause of it  how can you get sick if veganism is the  perfect diet for humans that should be  impossible because every animal that  eats its natural diet always feels  amazing and is in perfect health they  will even admit and say that it's not a  cure at all  that means that it's generally a [ __ ]  diet because raw meat is a cure for  everything if you drink blood eat raw  meat and draw animal fat then you will  cure every disease ever known  [Music]  you cannot get sick by eating raw  healthy animals in any way you will  always heal  it's our natural diet  natural always equals healthy always  thanks for watching  [Music]  so  and my friends like anybody who's hating  you that doesn't know you like you know  if your friends  like your immediate like really good  friends right now hate you then that's  that's an issue you got to work on if  you were in that meat market  in japan  what would you do  oh oh  do you imagine you'd set all the turtles  free  do you imagine you'd kick over the table  or something or cause a scene or get  yourself  put in jail  to liberate  a few dozen  turtles  i don't think you would  i think  the choice you have to make it's much  more subtle  it's much more humble  and humiliating  but you could at least conduct yourself  in such a way  that you acknowledge  that what you're witnessing  is an aspect  of a world  gone terribly  terribly wrong but if you have no  problem with your friends it's just  random people who don't even really know  you that well that are hating on you  then like why should it matter like  they're being lazy with their hate  they're not even [ __ ] like they just  they they see something about you they  don't like so they're hating but like  they don't know you so  do you really care i'm like i guess not  oh you're right so  i don't know calm me down calm me down  felt good  [Music]